Tony, you are playing the guitar again. Have you done your homework?
No, not yet, but I haven't got much. If I start after dinner, I'll finish it before
I go to bed. Anyway, you wanted me to learn an instrument.
I want you to get into the habit of doing your homework as soon as you come home from school.
If you start now, you'll finish it before dinner.
Yes, but I need a rest from schoolwork. I also want to go to the library to do volunteer
work.
So you're not going to do your homework now?
No, it isn't necessary to do it now. I'll do it later.
That's a shame. I really don't think you should go to the library so much.
Why not? I can work in the library and I'm also able to read books there.
No deal, Tony. If you do all these other things, instead of your homework, you won't have
time to study.
You mean you don't want me to help the community and increase my knowledge of the world?
That's not the point. You should consider what the most important thing is. I don't
want you to fail your exams, but you can't do anything before you finish your homework.
I'm sorry, but that's my last word.